docs(arch): add architectural decisions from backlog (#908)
Dataport/polar: docs/architecture/decisions/ADR-0016.md

# Usage of KERN

## Status

Accepted.

## Context

POLAR has to comply with the KERN UX design system.
KERN offers multiple ways of consuming it:

- `@kern-ux/native`: plain CSS and HTML
  - (+) Flexible, since we write the HTML elements ourselves.
  - (+) Only official (not only community-based) KERN package
  - (-) We either have to maintain our own components or write the rather long HTML again and again.
- The WebC Light Kit, i.e. KERN as web components
  - (-) Web components within web components, as POLAR itself is a web component.
  - (-) Some components do not work well within web components.
  - (-) Adjustments to the components are barely possible.
- The Vue Kit, i.e. KERN as Vue components
  - (-) Adjustments to the components are barely possible.

## Decision

We use `@kern-ux/native`.

> Larger wrapping components are maintained in `src/components/kern` to avoid repeating the HTML boilerplate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components reused across the project are maintained in `src/components` to avoid repeating the HTML boilerplate.
```
I think we should place the remaining three components directly under `components` as we have to adjust the base markup of a few other (kerny) components ever so slightly based on our use cases.

Author: Agreed.

## Consequences

- (+) The rendered markup is fully under our control and can be adjusted where POLAR requires it.
- (+) No nesting of web components within web components is necessary.

> - (-) The wrapping components in `src/components/kern` have to be maintained by us and kept in sync with KERN updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (-) The wrapping components in `src/components` have to be maintained by us and kept in sync with KERN updates.
```
